[Music]
hello mrs. Anna music editor at rolling
stone magazine y'all seduced I think you
should be ready for us from Cameron
Crowe writer director of Jerry Maguire
it's gonna be a true journalists you
cannot make friends with the rock stars
just make us look cool god it's gonna
get ugly bad they're gonna buy you drink
take drugs
they're gonna fly you places for free
you're gonna mean girls we are not
groupies
we don't have intercourse with these
guys just blow jobs not sit on the road
with the band rock stars have kidnapped
my son
[Applause]
here it's run high there's acid in the
beer that's something that comes how do
you know when it's kicked in I am a
golden
[Applause]
[Music]
why that's the flower the kid need the
story in four days
and there's more to write home about yes
because William please is this Marianne
with the pot than the music what do you
love about music to begin with
everything yes
[Music]
I love you
Marta dick I get to please suit
[Music]
don't you have any regular friends
famous people are just more interesting
[Music]